So now let's discuss if these results make sense to us.
The shap library outputs the shap values for feature 0,
1, and 2 which is what we see here.
We can see that the Shapley value for feature 0 matches what we calculated.
We calculated 0.375.
The Shapley value for feature 1 is also given the same importance as feature 0.
So feature 1 also has a 0.375.
So let's think about some of these questions.
Given that the training data is simulating the AND operator,
do you think that these values make sense?
Next, do you think feature 0 and 1 are equally
important or is one more important than the other?
Does the importance of feature 2 make sense as well because it's zero.
So now think back to the previous exercise,
and when we looked at how scikit-learn implements feature importance.
How does this compare to the feature importance method in scikit-learn?
Think this over and then check out the solution video.